Update CTAs to use the new design (#13190)
docker/docker.github.io: docker-hub/vulnerability-scanning.md

title: Hub Vulnerability Scanning
---

{% include upgrade-cta.html

>   body="Docker Hub Vulnerability Scanning is available for developers subscribed to a Pro or a Team plan. Upgrade your existing account to start using Hub Vulnerability Scanning."

Reviewer: Upgrade _plan_, not account. Reduce repetition.

```suggestion
  body="Docker Hub Vulnerability Scanning is available for developers subscribed to a Pro or a Team plan. Upgrade your existing plan to get automatic vulnerability scans for your images."
```

Author: Updated
